"Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom." - Marcel Proust
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife." - Jane Austen, "Pride and Prejudice"
"To be or not to be, that is the question." - William Shakespeare, "Hamlet"
"The only way out is through." - Robert Frost
"All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way." - Leo Tolstoy, "Anna Karenina"
"The road not taken." - Robert Frost
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves." - William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times." - Charles Dickens, "A Tale of Two Cities"
"In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth." - The Bible, Genesis 1:1
"To love another person is to see the face of God." - Victor Hugo, "Les Misérables"
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Lord of the Rings"
"The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go." - Dr. Seuss
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." - André Gide
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"That's the way the cookie crumbles." - Clifton Webb in "Laura" (film)
"Do not go gentle into that good night." - Dylan Thomas
"The only easy day was yesterday." - United States Navy SEALs motto
"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." - George Orwell, "Animal Farm"
"I think, therefore I am." - René Descartes
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." - J.K. Rowling, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful." - Mary Shelley, "Frankenstein"
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." - J.K. Rowling, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets"
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." - J.K. Rowling, "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Lord of the Rings"
"There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed." - Ernest Hemingway
"People generally see what they look for, and hear what they listen for." - Harper Lee, "To Kill a Mockingbird"
"It is not our abilities that show what we truly are... it is our choices." - J.K. Rowling, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets"
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all." - Emily Dickinson
"The only journey is the one within." - Rainer Maria Rilke
"We are all fools in love." - Jane Austen, "Pride and Prejudice"
"The truth is rarely pure and never simple." - Oscar Wilde, "The Importance of Being Earnest"
"Courage is grace under pressure." - Ernest Hemingway
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
